By the way, the supervisor
I also want to ask you about someone else
A student who built the beard
Named Zhou Qian
Zhou Qi
I don't know any Zhou Jie
But I know a man named Sun Qiang
while
This person is the eldest son of Lord Sun Li, the Minister of Protection
What!
Is this person focused?
Good so
I figured it all out when I got back from the Kokushiko
What if you've been to the Kokusai?
It's not my next step yet
Sun Qian, Sun Qian
You think I know who you are?
Why did you tell you that I was out?
Didn't I know it would be dangerous?
You left behind
What am I doing?
You are courting death
Prince, he must be a female king who lied to you
Don't be fooled, son, shut up
Since Brother Sun dare not kill me
Why don't you let me out?
wife
Do you really think I can't deal with you?